Update the guidance for the stack config policy/role mapping issue (#8247)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/eck-attributes.asciidoc

:eck_github: https://github.com/elastic/cloud-on-k8s
:eck_resources_list: Elasticsearch, Kibana, APM Server, Enterprise Search, Beats, Elastic Agent, Elastic Maps Server, and Logstash

> :role_mappings_warning: We have identified an issue with Elasticsearch 8.15.1 and 8.15.2 that prevents security role mappings configured via Stack configuration policies to work correctly. Avoid these versions or update to 8.16.0 to avoid this issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:role_mappings_warning: We have identified an issue with Elasticsearch 8.15.1 and 8.15.2 that prevents security role mappings configured via Stack configuration policies to work correctly. Avoid these versions and update to 8.16.0 to remedy this issue if you are affected.
```

> :role_mappings_warning: We have identified an issue with Elasticsearch 8.15.1 and 8.15.2 that prevents security role mappings configured via Stack configuration policies to work correctly. Avoid these versions and update to 8.16.0 to remedy this issue if you are affected.

Author: ```suggestion
:role_mappings_warning: We have identified an issue with Elasticsearch 8.15.1 and 8.15.2 that prevents security role mappings configured via Stack configuration policies to work correctly. Avoid these versions and upgrade to 8.16.0 to remedy this issue if you are affected.
```
